Let's see the simplest way to store data sent through a form, it is possible that if you would give
it a little bit of effort, you will be able to write the code yourself as everything you need was already
covered.
First, to store the data, we need to create its model instance.
So let's make a new blog post model.
And assign it to the post variable.
Also, make sure that inside this post controller class, you are importing this model.
Now assigned to the title and content properties, reading input, using the request object input method.
So first the title we have to request object passed as a parameter.
We can use the input method to get the title and we will do the same with the content.
So request input content.
Then let's call the save method on the model object to start the new record in the database.
Now you have a choice whether to show the user the success message or redirect to another page, usually
the redirect is the better option.
You can either redirect back to the list of posts or to the newly created post page.
So let's redirect to the blog post page.
You should also know how to do it in the redirect responses lecture you've learned.
You need to return the result of the call to redirect object.
Route method.
And then the root name now, after you saved a model, it's idee, property gets assigned so you can
pass it to the root method.
The parameter name for this route is post, and we pass the post I.D. to it.
OK, now let's verify how this works once again, so go to the forum page and type some input.
Doesn't really matter what and press create, make sure your database is running.
And there it is.
Everything is as expected.
After sending the data, you are being redirected to the new post page.
Just need to make sure to fill out the inputs, because validating data is a topic of another lecture.
As a final note, that's not the one and only way to store new models.
We will see different options throughout the course.